What's the coolest animal and what's so great about it?
What’s a cliche phrase you find yourself thinking about too often?
Why Many Americans Think Africa is a Country?
What is the biggest problem with dyslexia? what do you think?
What is the biggest problem with dyslexia? what do you think?
Couples who resorted to experimenting with other people, how did you make it work?
what are the most controlled, anti-consumer and money hungry industries in the world?
Which do you think is going to happen first? World war 3 or civil war (in America) and why?
How has the level of stress in your life changed over time, and what role do you think technology has played in that shift?
What is best in life?
How did you spend your 21st birthday?
How did you deal with your pet's old age/remaining last few years?
If you could have your University/College life back, what would you change?
What is your biggest regret?
What's your odd "trigger warnings"?
What movie would you wish you could forget watching, so you could experience it for the first time again?
Musk supporters, when would you draw the line?
Trump always says “we voted for this” ~what are the things you didn’t vote for?
People who were working during the 2008 recession, what would your advice be to navigate the current job market and stock market for young professionals?
British people of reddit, what do you think of Gordon Ramsay?
What collab character/theme/celebrity would you like the creators of Fortnite to add to Fortnite?
Is there anything that makes you certain we don't live in a simulation? What is it?
Why when a male customer entered the store where a female barista works at hold long eye contact with her before anything was said? Why did she feel like she could feel what his personality is like and that he has been hurt deeply before during this prolonged eye contact with this stranger?
What’s something you’re afraid of that others might not take seriously?
How do you stay disciplined?
How prepared are you for a fire in your kitchen?
If you could lock two famous person in an empty room for 24 hours to provide entertainment, who would you choose ?
What is such a common first date mistake that people today are so content and even accepting of it?
What's something you wish your gf/wife had told you sooner that made you proud of yourself?
Why do you not have social media?
What would you do if your allies had fallen asleep in the middle of combat as a soldier?
If Shrek had a full head of hair, how would the films be different?
What is one thing that you thing one can do to improve their lives for the better?
Security guards of Reddit, what was the most intense/scariest situation you have ever gotten in?
Redditors that believe in "high value men" or "high value women;" How does a person's kindness affect their value in your eyes?
If Donkey from Shrek was a butterfly (but still named Donkey), how would this impact the plot of the films?
What is the best revenge?
Whose British even genitals are these?
What are your Highschool bullies up to these days?
For those who have worked in a customer service call center: What is your one "batshit" customer experience?
What's a small, adorable moment that brought a grin to your face today?
In today’s confusing world, what morals are most important to you?
What's a joke you're 100% sure will make a girl laugh?
What is the most impressive and noble candy?
What was your last “reality check” about?
[Serious] US people serving in the armed forces. What's your thoughts when Trump says thing like he's thinking of annexing Greenland or Canada and potentially fighting allies?
What video game world would you love to live in?
Reddit, what's your favorite Chuck Norris joke?
Why doesn’t McDonald’s provide accounting services during tax season?
What does it mean if someone keeps popping up in ur dreams?
When was it all right for you to throw the first punch?
What celebrity would you let into your home with open arms?
What did you learn from listening to conversations of strangers ?
Has anyone ever one a year supply or lifetime of anything before? If so, what did you win and how did you receive it?
what's a childhood food you still love eating?
If income tax were to be paid in Eggo waffles, how would tax season be different?
Who was the most evil cartoon character?
Why would you (not) like to live on the Pitcairn Island?
What's the most random or ridiculous thing that has ever turned you on ?
What’s your go to terminology for “skid marks” in someone’s underwear?
Have you or do you know anyone who's won a year or lifetime supply of something? If so, what was won and how was it paid out?
What’s something humans will probably still be arguing about hundreds of years from now?
What frightens you most about the world that we live in?
what toothpaste do you use?
Why do you think cats are so affectionate in the morning?
How do you find someone who needs a roommate in Saint Joseph, MO?
Why do you enjoy being naked in public?
Women, you marry a man that supports you in your dreams and career to the point that you are vastly more successful than him, how does him not technically being the provider make you feel?
What would the Left's equivalent agenda look like if they got someone like Trump into the White House on their side?
What food isn’t actually good but society made us believe it tasted good?
What would happen if there were an AI that could hack into any technology or device and started taking over our world?
Outside of your job, how do you make extra money?
People who are making over $175,000 a year, what do you do?
What do you think about teachers being addled by the PTA or administration to donate to the schools they work in?
What scene makes you laugh every time, no matter what?
What is your opinion of a school Parent Organization or school administrators asking teachers to donate to the schools they work in?
Why doesn’t H&R Block sell wrapping paper during the holiday season?
